Updated Grace references handbook (#6873)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/handbook/company/team/charles-cook.md

## Areas of responsibility

As a manager (60%):
- I am the exec responsible for all things ops, finance, people, and legal at PostHog

> - I am the exec responsible for marketing and CS at PostHog

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- I am the exec responsible for marketing and customer success at PostHog
```
